Uninstalling MTV by using the UI (#556)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/uninstalling-mtv-ui.adoc

[id="uninstalling-mtv-ui_{context}"]
= Uninstalling {project-short} by using the {ocp} web console

You can uninstall {project-first} by using the {ocp} web console.

.Prerequisites

* You must be logged in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Operators > Installed Operators*.
. Click *{project-full} Operator*.
+
The *Operator Details* page opens in the *Details* tab.
. Click the *ForkliftController* tab.
. Click *Actions* and select *Delete ForkLiftController*.
+
A confirmation window opens.
. Click *Delete*.
+
The controller is removed.
. Open the *Details* tab.
+
The *Create ForkliftController* button appears instead of the controller you deleted. There is no need to click it.

. On the upper-right side of the page, click *Actions* and select *Uninstall Operator*.
+
A confirmation window opens, displaying any operand instances.
. To delete all instances, select the *Delete all operand instances for this operator* checkbox. By default, the checkbox is cleared.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
If your Operator configured off-cluster resources, these will continue to run and will require manual cleanup.
====
. Click *Uninstall*.
+

> The *Installed Operators* page opens and the {project-full} Operator is removed from the list of installed Operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Installed Operators* page opens, and the {project-full} Operator is removed from the list of installed Operators.
```
@RichardHoch Just remember that if the conjunction splits two independent clauses, you must use a comma

But i will fix directly

. Click *Home > Overview*.
. In the *Status* section of the page, click *Dynamic status*.
+
The *Dynamic Plugin status* popup opens, listing *forklift-console-plugin* as a failed plugin. If the *forklift-console-plugin* does not appear as a failed plugin, refresh the web console.
. Click *forklift-console-plugin*.
+
The *ConsolePlugin details* page opens in the *Details* tab.

> . On the upper right of the page, click *Actions* and select *Delete ConsolePlugin* from the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. On the upper right side of the page, click *Actions* and select *Delete ConsolePlugin* from the list.
```

I would suggest adding the word 'side' here. Looks like this one slipped by yesterday during my review.

Author: Good catch. Thanks!

+
A confirmation window opens.
. Click *Delete*.
+

> The plugin is removed from the the list of *Dynamic plugins* on the *Overview* page. If the plugin still appears, restart the *overview* page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin is removed from the list of *Dynamic plugins* on the *Overview* page. If the plugin still appears, restart the *overview* page.
```

Author: Fixed.

[id="uninstalling-mtv-ui_{context}"]
= Uninstalling {project-short} by using the {ocp} web console

You can uninstall {project-first} by using the {ocp} web console.

.Prerequisites

* You must be logged in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Operators > Installed Operators*.
. Click *{project-full} Operator*.
+
The *Operator Details* page opens in the *Details* tab.
. Click the *ForkliftController* tab.
. Click *forklift-controller*.
+

> The *ForkliftController details* page opens.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *ForkliftController details* page opens.
```
Since I have not seen the UI, can you please confirm if the name of the page is *ForkliftController details*? I am just being sure.

Author: Good call.

> . Click *Actions* and select *Delete ForkLift Controller*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Actions* and select *Delete ForkLift Controller*.
```
The  *ForkLift Controller* at other places does not have a space between Forklift and Controller. Can you please confirm if this instance is correct?

+
A confirmation window opens.
. Click *Delete ForkliftController*.
+
The controller is removed.
. Open the *Details* tab.
+
The *Create ForkliftController* button appears instead of the controller you deleted. There is no need to click it.

> . On the upper right of the page, click *Actions* and select *Uninstall Operator*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. On the upper right side of the page, click *Actions* and select *Uninstall Operator*.
```

+
A confirmation window opens, displaying any operand instances.
. To delete all instances, select the *Delete all operand instances for this operator* checkbox. By default, the checkbox is cleared.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> If your Operator configured off-cluster resources, these will continue to run and require manual cleanup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your Operator configured off-cluster resources, these will continue to run and will require manual cleanup.
```

====
. Click *Uninstall*.
+

> The *Installed Operators* page opens and the {project-full} Operator is removed from the list of installed Operators.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Installed Operators* page opens and the *{project-full}* Operator is removed from the list of installed Operators.
```
You may want to bold the operator name here.

Author: I thought about it, but I don't think so. I'm referring to Operator not the UI element (there's nothing to do).

. Click *Home > Overview*.
. In the *Status* section of the page, click *Dynamic status*.
+

> The *Dynamic Plugin status* popup opens, listing *forklift-console-plugin* as a failed plugin.  You might need to refresh the web console for *forklift-console-plugin* to appear as a failed plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Dynamic Plugin status* popup opens, listing *forklift-console-plugin* as a failed plugin.  Refresh the web console, if the *forklift-console-plugin* does not appear as a failed plugin.
```

Author: Good suggestion -- I think it would be even better starting with the if clause.

. Click *forklift-console-plugin*.
+
The *ConsolePlugin details* page opens in the *Details* tab.
. On the upper right of the page, click *Actions* and select *Delete ConsolePlugin* from the list.
+
A confirmation window opens.
. Click *Delete*.
+
The plugin is removed from the the list of *Dynamic plugins* on the *Overview* page.
+
[NOTE]
====

> You might need to restart the *Overview* page one or more times before the plugin no longer appears in the list of *Dynamic plugins*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refresh the *Overview* page one or more times, so that, the plugin no longer appears in the list of *Dynamic plugins*.
```
